Add Depot to CI/CD tools (#47)
agamm/awesome-developer-first: README.md

* [Gitlab](https://gitlab.com/) - Open source CI and hosted solution with Github-like abilities.
* [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/) - Automated cloud dev environments. 
* [Spacelift](https://spacelift.io/) - CI/CD platform for infrastructure-as-code, currently supporting Terraform, Pulumi, AWS CloudFormation, and Kubernetes.

> * [Depot](https://depot.dev) - Build Docker images fast, in the cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Depot](https://depot.dev) - Fast drop-in replacement to major docker images for your CI.
```

Reviewer: This feels more concrete, no?

Author: I think `Drop-in replacement to build docker images faster in CI` is more accurate and concrete. Thoughts?

Reviewer: Great, change that and let's merge?

Author: Done ✅
